General report updates - interpreter/compiler usage fixes and code snippets (#81)
chhoumann/p4: Report/sections/4_testing/strat.tex

The following chapter will discuss our approach to testing.
The first section is related to our strategy followed by more specific sections about unit testing and intergration testing respectively.
Note that we only tested the \dazel{} compiler. 

> The interpreter was a Unity specific implementation and therefore we deemed testing it unnecessary since the compiler was the focus of the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The interpreter was a Unity specific implementation and therefore we deemed testing it unnecessary since the compiler was the primary focus for this project.
```
